c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\explosion.png
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\2Danimation.exe
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\2Danimation.pdb
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\obj\x86\Debug\2Danimation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\obj\x86\Debug\2Danimation.exe
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2Danimation\2Danimation\obj\x86\Debug\2Danimation.pdb
